can't wait to see what comes up got some
new stuff today we'll see will I fall on
my face die on the way or when we crush
it this isn't Austin impact Theory being
in a bubble there is a whole world of
hyper successful entrepreneurs for whom
it's not enough to have made a ton of
cash they really want to do something
[Music]
all right we are on our way to Red Bull
they have the red bulletin podcast which
they have been kind enough to invite me
on and let me tell you this is a lesson
in always be kind always be seeing how
you can help people because this was set
up by one of my former employees who has
since gone on to Red Bull which is how
this connection has happened I'm excited
to be reaching the Red Bull audience
they're obviously ambitious men is how I
look at it so people that are hardcore
driven and that is certainly a sweet
spot for me and who I'm trying to reach
because that's who I see myself as like
what do you want badly if what you want
is to really eat a lot of amazing food
like I'm not your guy so don't come to
me for advice on that because I'm about
the flip side to that coin which is I
want to eat it and I don't and that
makes me feel like a badass and so for
me I'm trying to manage my brain
chemistry like anyone else I want to
feel good about myself and if eating all
those things and not caring about what I
look like made me feel good and that was
part of my identity
Hellyeah rocket-like I I literally do
not have any judgment on people the only
people that I'm sad for are people that
want to be this way and live in the
opposite direction and so they're torn
up about somebody who's not conflicted
yeah man like that's amazing I so love
the act of improving what I'm capable of
whether mentally or physically like I
love that act the way that some people
like to smoke a joint like my thing is
that that moment where I'm like whoa I
can lift the weight I couldn't lift
before I can read faster than I used to
be able to read I know more about
neuroscience than I used to know I'm
able to this was really powerful in my
life I'm able to shorten the amount of
time that I spend angry or sad or
whatever because I understand brain
chemistry and I can begin to take
control of my own brain chemistry like
all of those things like they make me
feel good about myself
and they allow me to navigate my life in
a more effective way meaning it takes me
to to my goals faster when I actually
made money was when I walked into my
partner's I said I'm not doing this
anymore here's your equity back if I
don't cross the finish line I shouldn't
get anything for this I have no interest
whatsoever in chasing money ever again
I'm gonna go do what makes me feel most
alive if I can make money at that that
will be awesome I'll be very grateful
but I'm never gonna prioritize money
ever again and let's take just a funny
mean for a second come to the dark side
we have cookies now it's funny it's cute
but there actually is something to that
rage is intoxicating rage has a clarity
and so you actually have to warn people
not to get too sucked in because if
you're an anxious person and I piss you
off
you're not anxious anymore you're filled
with rage and it's wonderful these
things serve purposes and so if you
don't teach people how to navigate their
own this is why I'm obsessed with mind
control so it's all about your own mind
right I'm not worried about controlling
other people's minds I'm gonna control
my own so once you understand that like
the game you're playing is controlling
your own mind that the reason Star Wars
is amazingly powerful is it literally is
this allegory for how not to give in to
the rage the anger tall back because
while it has this immediate power right
and it always talks about the people
that go to the dark side [__]
powerful but then the light side which
maybe takes more discipline more time if
to be more careful it's it makes you
more human right which is exactly why
it's pitted this machine against man so
you can either maintain your humanity
and get the power but it's slower it's
harder it takes more discipline you have
to live by a code or you can just be
incredibly powerful but you give up your
humanity but we're not telling people
how to extract that and actually think
about yourself as an entrepreneur and
are you gonna be on the Darth Vader side
and just think about profits be a clever
marketer and take from people or are you
gonna play the long game be the Luke
Skywalker understand that yes it may be
a little harder to be delivering value
all the time all the time to prioritize
your customer over profits but in the
long run that's humanity especially now
with social media you're gonna be
rewarded for that we have to play the
long game just got done with the Red
Bull podcast interview was a lot of fun
Andres the interviewer was a phenomenal
interviewer I judge them always by are
they able to get me beyond my normal
loop so I
am i happiest when somebody is asking
novel questions that I haven't heard
before which he did in spades the
questions that he asked really took us
into fun places all right
from me and the wookie monster this is
us signing off with an awesome day thank
you guys so much for coming with me
covering multiple forms of content one
of the coolest podcast interviews I have
done in a while and just for sharing in
the genius that is this team surround
yourself with badass people go out and
execute and when I say go out I mean
right now go execute
[Music]